---
layout: post
title: Fly On The Wall Lab
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [problems, class, design]
tags: [problems, class, design]
---
## Fly On The Wall Lab

1a)  At Horace Mann, through the online school, I noticed many problems regarding the technology and software of zoom and the online school format. The problems can be grouped into two groups, technical problems, and lifestyle problems. In the technical problems, one aspect is the audio. Problems surrounding audio refers to the sound input in zoom. Problems include mics being muted without knowing, the audio input prioritizing other sounds over voice, echo on mics, and mic feedback. The other aspect is the video. This refers to the video input, and problems include light overexposure in-camera and virtual background glitching. The second group of problems is lifestyle problems. Like the technical problems, lifestyle problems can be grouped into two aspects, a social aspect, and a health aspect. A social aspect means the interactions between people through zoom. Problems with the social aspect include awkward silences, not knowing when to speak, and the isolating feeling surrounding quarantine, which also relates to the health aspect. The health aspect refers to the user's health when going through HM online. Problems include feeling depressed or less motivated due to quarantine, eye strain from screens, and headaches from being on calls all day.
    
1b)  At the campus the problems I observed all had to do with Covid-19. For this reason, I grouped the problems in the Covid-19 group with two different aspects. These two different aspects are the interference of Covid-19 in class or social life. Interference of Covid-19 in class refers to changes in classes to accommodate the health guidelines of the pandemic. Problems include barriers muffling the voices of students and teachers during discussions, goggles used in science lab fogging up, and classes needing to end early. The second aspect has to do with social life on campus. This refers to how people interact with one another and how it is more difficult due to Covid-19. Problems include not recognizing people due to wearing masks, a maximum number of people regulation being placed in rooms, having to eat outside and not in a group, more littering outside, and the lack of social distancing in some situations.

2a)  When examing the problems of HM online, most can be grouped up into an interaction. More specifically the interaction between sounds and the microphone. In online school, the microphone plays a crucial role in relaying what a user says to other people. For students, working microphones are a necessity for an online school, and can impact a student's grades and learning experience. Problems include the microphone not picking up any noise, or the mic prioritizing outside noises over the voice of the user. Questions can be: is the online program interacting with the mic to regulate muting and unmuting? Does the proximity of the sounds affect the mic pickup? Another group of problems surrounds an object. The object is the computer screen and its effect on the health of users. The screen plays an important role in relaying information to the user from the computer. However, the screen can have poor effects on health. Examples include eye strain from the screen, headaches from the bright light, and lack of sleep from the blue light. I wonder if it is possible to decrease these effects by using a screen with a warmer tone to decrease blue light? An example would be f.lux which gives your screen an orange filter decreasing blue light.

2b)  When examing the problems of Covid-19 on campus, the problems can be grouped into one category. This category is the interactions of a user with other people. School is not only a time for learning but also a time for being social, and plays an important role in teaching children how to interact with others. Since Covid-19 is making it more difficult for people to interact with one another, it has had a detrimental effect on the social life of the school. An example of Covid-19 affecting the interaction between people are problems communicating due to masks and borders. The masks can be detrimental in meeting and recognizing people. This can be especially detrimental to incoming freshman as it makes it harder for them to meet people. Unfortunately, there aren't many solutions to these problems as masks and borders are needed to keep the school community healthy and prevent the spread of Covid-19. Someone can ask the question of are there possible ways to improve interactions between people without violating the health guidelines? Another group of problems that are the environment. These problems mostly consist of the outside environment, examples include the lack of social distancing and the littering from people eating outside. Could regulations be put in place to decrease littering, while still allowing people to eat outside and social distancing?

3) For the online part of the lab, I was able to work with people in the Mobile Apps class. In class, I was able to utilize the discussion activity and observe the problems with the technology and the experiences of people in the discussion. I was also able to use the methods of observing my peers online and also asking questions. I asked my teacher about her problems in sending files over zoom. Due to the online structure, most methods work from observing to asking questions, but there did have to be some discussion to observe the problems. On-campus I worked with two of my classmates, Darson and Ben. Two methods we used were observing the campus and looking back at our own classes. On Monday, October 19, we walked around campus and made some observations of the field, the cafeteria, and the student lounge. I used the second method in thinking back to my history class and thinking of the problems that occurred with communication due to Covid-19.
